HOW I SET UP AN INDIVIDUAL JENKINS PIPELINE FOR MY MODULE

Step 1: Creating an Isolated Branch
I started by creating a new Git branch specifically for my module's pipeline. This allows me to work on CI/CD without affecting the main code or other modules.
Command: git checkout -b feature/volunteer-pipeline

Step 2: Creating a Custom Jenkinsfile
Instead of using the default 'Jenkinsfile', I created a new one called 'Jenkinsfile-Volunteer'. 
Inside this file, I customized the 'Test' stage to only run the Volunteer tests using this command:
mvnw test -Dtest="*Volunteer*Test"
This is key because it proves the pipeline is dedicated to MY module.

Step 3: Local Validation
Before pushing, I ran the specific test command on my local machine to make sure it only executed the 23 volunteer-related tests and that they all passed.

Step 4: Pushing to GitHub
Once the code and Jenkinsfile were ready, I pushed the new branch to the remote repository so Jenkins could access it.
Commands:
git add .
git commit -m "Created separate jenkins file for volunteer module"
git push origin feature/volunteer-pipeline

Step 5: Setting up the Jenkins Dashboard
I went into my local Jenkins UI and created a new "Pipeline" project. 
Instead of a standard setup, I configured it to:
- Use "Pipeline script from SCM"
- Point to my GitHub repository
- SPECIFICALLY build the 'feature/volunteer-pipeline' branch
- SPECIFICALLY look for 'Jenkinsfile-Volunteer' instead of the default filename.

Step 6: Troubleshooting the Windows Environment
My first build failed because I was using 'sh' commands in my Jenkinsfile. Since I'm running Jenkins on Windows, I had to change all 'sh' commands to 'bat' (Batch) commands and use 'mvnw.cmd'. 
Once I committed and pushed this fix, the build worked!

Step 7: Final Result
Now, every time I push code to my branch, Jenkins automatically:
1. Compiles the whole app.
2. Runs only my module's tests.
3. Produces a downloadable JAR file artifact.
All this is visible in the Jenkins Stage View!
